Add introduction section (#226)
CarletonComputerScienceSociety/website: content/blog/2022-2023/2022-06-05-ccss-summer-dev-projects-introduction.md

team. I’m also one of the core developers on Veloren, an open source game
similar to Minecraft. In the Rust communty, I run a monthly game dev meetup, and
co-edit the monthly game dev newsletter.

### Anjali Patel 

> Hi! I'm Anjali, a 3rd-year Computer Science Honours student 
> also pursuing a double minor in Criminology and Mathematics. 
> I have a keen interest in Cyber Security and Web Development.
> Other than that, I am an extra curricular girl who is always engaged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi! I'm Anjali, a 3rd-year Computer Science Honours student 
also pursuing a double minor in Criminology and Mathematics. 
I have a keen interest in Cyber Security and Web Development.
Other than that, I am an extracurricular girl who is always engaged.
```
